Add default labels and behavior documentations for dialog buttons (#18604)
jupyterlab/jupyterlab: docs/source/extension/ui_helpers.md

:::{note}
If no options are specified, the dialog will only contain _OK_ and _Cancel_ buttons.

> 

Reviewer: Missing closure of the note:

```suggestion
:::

```

<img width="740" height="1569" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3e09392e-8fbe-42c1-84ea-f255cb862adf" />

https://jupyterlab--18604.org.readthedocs.build/en/18604/extension/ui_helpers.html

### Dialog Button Helpers and Defaults

> Use the `Dialog` helpers from `@jupyterlab/apputils` to get consistent labels,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the {ts:namespace}`apputils.Dialog` helpers from {ts:module}`apputils` to get consistent labels,
```
